I have to find some good buggies by
Leroux it's very hard to do one-handed
today buck thanks there you go
one out the room nice beefy Sophie's
behind the blue goodness let's get the
big girls now hello big girls trembling
yes big girls are ready to go out every
was Mary
yes LaRue's gonna turn challenge you
already good
what are the chickens who says come on
out girls
the roux that's not your place I know
they all come out yes
oh there goes feets core feeds your
feathers are looking better they're
coming in feeds you to cuckoo on the
other cuckoo and nutmeg and rosemary no
lots of chickens there's everybody look
ooh and you're from the duckies again
gotta go to the pond